[birds tweeting]
It's nearly your bedtime.
I'm not finished yet.
You might not be, but the wine
supply is definitely over.
Oh, it's all over, Hector.
[sighs]
It's really not.
Things just changed, that's all.
Vampires aren't big on change.
Someone should have told Carmilla that.
You still misunderstand her.
Oh, come on.
Even you were horrified
by what she turned into.
The scale of it, maybe.
And the chaos it would have
introduced into our lives.
I still say that at the root of it all
was the vampire's virtue.
We want everything to remain the same.
To remain stable.
[scoffs]
The vampire's virtue. Bloody hell.
There's an act of philosophical
acrobatics for the ages.
Oh, shush with your trying to be clever.
You people spend 60 years
bumping into things
and call it a life.
We have to take a longer view.
So we want stability.
And you're saying you had that.
We did.
As a quartet, my sisters and I
had strength.
The strength to enforce
a stable environment.
Strength can fight a war, yes,
but it can also build a shelter.
Are you following me?
Just bumping into things along the way.
Small shapes are stronger
than big ones, Lenore.
Carmilla wanted more
than a weatherproof shelter.
In the end.
But it all came from
that virtue, do you see?
Strength and power are different.
You wanted strength.
Carmilla wanted power.
In the end, yes.
That's what it turned into.
Which is what ruined my life.
Power.
Big, international,
non-diplomatic, projected power
is something else.
It lends you more might,
but it doesn't have
the utilities of strength.
It lays eggs in you.
It becomes a parasite you have to feed.
Power does nothing but eat.
Like a vampire.
Therefore...
having been shown what I am...
having found that I have been
living a lie...
here I sit in a cage,
like a dangerous animal.
with King Isaac, the happy bastard,
keeping a very watchful eye on me.
I've never known him so fucking cheerful.
It's bizarre.
But he won't harm you.
No.
He's just going to keep me in a cage.
And I'm not going to sit
in a cage, Hector.
Not even with you.
I'm sorry for everything
you went through.
And I'm sorry I can't be here
to help you through...
whatever comes next.
But I refuse to exist like this.
And I want to see what's so special
about this sun you keep talking about.
Lenore, don't.
Hector, it's fine.
It's what I want to do.
[Hector] Be free, Lenore.
What will you do?
I think I'm going to write a book.
The future should know
the mistakes we made.
And recently, I've been caused
to know the value...
and the beauty...
of things that live longer than I do.
-[wind gusting]
-[birds tweeting]
Is that all there is to it?
[chuckles]
Hector, you are a silly man.
[wind gusting]
[birds tweeting]
[Greta] So, what do you think
about my plan?
[Alucard] It was my plan.
[Greta] You just think it was your plan.
I let you think it was your plan.
I told you my plan.
You just think you did.
I'm very clever.
I told you my plan in a way
that would make you think
it was your idea.
It was my bloody idea.
Admit it. You're outmatched.
I am no such thing,
and also it was all my idea.
You just go on thinking that.
So you agree, then?
Agree to what?
My plan.
We're going to stay.
-Oh, my God.
-I'm a genius.
Just surrender.
Ignoring for a moment
that you are considerably more insane
than I have previously estimated.
Are you sure it's a good idea?
I mean, I'm not...
used to people.
They're used to you.
So just let them be used to you.
And you'll get used to them.
I think I felt part of my brain die
just trying to follow that logic.
It's human. Just roll with it.
I'm not.
Human, I mean.
Not completely.
Don't think I haven't noticed you
playing with the orphaned kids.
And don't think I don't know
some of them have been
calling you "father."
I...
I didn't want to disappoint them
by saying anything.
[Greta] Very human of you.
You, Alucard, are a very odd person.
I think I might like you.
Alucard, she's up.
Be gentle.
She hasn't talked to anyone
in two weeks now.
[Alucard] Sypha.
Hello.
Can you spare a horse?
Possibly. What for?
I am going to do what Trevor
and I originally planned to do.
Rejoin my caravan.
You know you are very welcome here.
Thank you.
But I am also very definitely pregnant.
Oh.
And I should be with my people.
And my people are well practiced
in giving the support
a woman needs when it's time.
If I could just get a horse.
Congratulations.
Go on.
Say it like the way you said it to Trevor
when we arrived at the Hold.
[Alucard] Should I not be congratulating?
Congratulations.
Well, I've heard worse impressions.
It's fine.
He loved me.
We made a child.
Something new and wonderful
will have come from all this.
I should go.
You should stay.
That's very kind of you.
But I should be around more people.
I can't let you be the one
person I rely on for help,
and a child should have a community.
It will. If you stay.
I don't understand.
These people aren't going
back to Danesti.
We're going to found a new village here,
around the castle and the Hold.
[Greta] This place has resources
I could never give my people in Danesti.
We could change everything here.
We're going to have schools,
one of which will be all about
the libraries
of the castle and the Hold.
And I was hoping
you could help me teach
this brilliant but actually
fairly useless man
how to live his life.
Don't set your hopes too high.
Sypha, we have a real chance
to make life better for our children
than it was for us.
For once, it could be better.
For all our children.
[sighs]
She's good.
I know.
You're in real trouble.
[chuckles]
[sighs]
What are you going to call the village?
New Danesti?
I thought we might call it Belmont.
That should confuse everybody.
I think I'd like to live
in a place called Belmont.
[inhales sharply and sighs]
Also, my God,
these people are bad at organization.
And are you really going
to walk buckets back and forth
from the river all day?
I thought you were a man of science.
The lane's going to need
widening over there too.
Whose horse is that?
What horse?
Walking down the lane.
Tie your horses up, Alucard.
If you're founding a village,
you need to sort these things out.
I know that horse.
But...
someone's on it.
[horse chuffs]
[Sypha grunts]
[gasps]
[sighs]
Hello, love.
[whimpering]
How?
What?
All the questions.
You answer now.
All I can think of is that Saint Germain
opened the Infinite Corridor
just before he died.
I got the dagger into Death.
He lit up like the sun.
[grunts]
A second later I was inside the corridor.
Next thing I knew, I was lying on my face
by the north bank of the Danube.
Well, I'll be damned.
We need some help over here right now!
I'll be okay.
I just need about a year's sleep
and a new body.
[grunts]
What about you?
Is everything all right?
I'm fine.
Good.
You know what scared me the most?
What?
That you might end up calling
the kid Trefor after all.
How did you even know?
Please. This is me.
How do you think I've managed
to stay single and carefree
all these years?
-[grunts]
-[horse whinnies]
Can someone please come
over here and kill this man?
[Trevor] It won't be hard.
[scoffs]
You are a rude idiot, Trevor Belmont.
I know.
And I love you.
[gasps softly]
I said this man needs help.
Hello, Belmont.
Now what was that trick with the dagger?
Hello, Alucard.
Well, there were fighters in Targoviste
hiding in what turned out to be
the royal family's treasure vault,
and they were just taking things
out of there
as good-luck charms.
I started noticing things.
Ended up collecting the pieces
of something
a mad wizard blacksmith
once made to enact
a very one-sided
murder-suicide pact with God.
So...
So you knew the thing
was probably lethal to you
when you used it.
But didn't see much of a choice.
What are all these people doing here?
[Alucard] Welcome to my village.
[groans]
You have a village now?
What's it called?
Treffy.
Can someone please
come over here and kill me?
[chuckles]
You look weirdly happy.
I...
I weirdly am.
It's been a strange ride.
I'm happy it's over.
The funny thing is,
for the first time in my life,
I have absolutely no idea
what happens next.
I just have this feeling
that it's going to be worth it.
That's exactly it.
I'm weirdly happy.
Are you all right?
I think so?
I think we finally won.
[thunder rumbling]
[door closes]
[Lisa] Lisa and Vlad Tepes.
So.
[Dracula] So.
You need to get used
to calling yourself Vlad.
I suppose so.
I can't be introducing you as
"Dracula Tepes, honestly no relation,
don't look too closely at his teeth."
Is this what you really want
to talk about?
I died.
And you weren't there.
[Dracula] I know.
[Lisa] And you died.
I did.
And you came to find me.
[Dracula] Of course I did.
I could do nothing else.
I assumed you had other options.
Shouting at Satan until he admitted
he was just keeping
the chair warm for you.
That sort of thing.
The second after I died
might have been the first sane
moment I had since you died.
[Lisa] You do seem remarkably calm.
And you seem a little angry.
Because none of this makes any sense.
Do you have a theory
about what happened?
What makes you think I have a theory?
You're a man. Men always have theories.
All I know is that we woke up
in a field yesterday.
And had to steal some clothes.
I still feel bad about that.
You didn't feel bad
about picking that headman's
pocket this afternoon.
Well, he was a pig.
But we should do something
for the people we took
these clothes from tomorrow.
And we will.
But after that?
[Lisa] We can't return to the castle.
Our poor boy deserves
some closure in his life.
Perhaps, one day in the future.
But not yet.
No.
I have a thought.
Not a theory?
Not a theory. Just a thought.
I think we should travel.
Where to?
I was thinking about England.
There's a place on the northeast coast
that is supposed to be beautiful.
And they say the sun barely shines there.
White-by, or Whitby, something like that.
Remote and lonely, I presume?
An abbey. Men and women.
And about 20 houses, I've read.
Sea views. Fish.
Fish. How can I resist?
I'm not going to get better without you.
And I was never
going to be better without you.
We have a second chance.
And a brand-new future.